hey guys so summer is around the corner
and at the farmers market this week the
berries were in season so I'm going to
show you guys when my favorite
summertime dessert strawberry shortcake
I'm Meghan I'm passionate about finding
ways to make life with kids easier in
the kitchen
so let's go through ingredients we have
all-purpose flour baking powder baking
soda and salt sugar Greek yogurt a
beaten egg which I've added a little bit
of water to and cold cubed butter the
first step is to cut our butter into our
dry ingredients and today I'm using a
food processor because it makes it
really easy but you can also use a
pastry blender you can use two forks
your hands whatever you have as long as
you can get the butter really well
incorporated so after I get my dry
ingredients into my food processor I'm
just going to give it a really quick
whirl and then I just add my butter
until it resembles of course meal
all right so this looks perfect once you
have it to the right consistency
put your wet ingredients into a bowl to
combine so I'm getting my Greek yogurt
in here and then my a which I've already
beaten in out of water to just think
about a quick whisk and coorporate all I
need to do is add my dry ingredients and
this will get a great consistency your
dough will be it will look pretty dry
but it's exactly what you want for the
best part so once everything is
incorporated you're going to want to
turn your dough out into a floured
surface so I've got my cutting board I'm
just gonna put a little flour down in
here and then just turn my Jo right out
onto here and then I'm going to be
patting it down and you can also use a
rolling pin but don't mind using my
fingers so I'm going to get a little bit
messy so once your dough is padded to
about an inch thick you need to cut it
into your biscuits and if you're like me
you do not have a biscuit cutter on and
but you can use just any regular old
glass and flour it so it's a little bit
easier to get it off the dough just
press into it so you have Skip's and
then I'm going to put the biscuits onto
a parchment lined baking sheet that's
just to make it a little easier with
peanuts so you can use a non-stick
baking sheet as well and then once
they're all on there I'm going to reform
the dough so I can cut you are out so
this one once this last biscuit is on my
dating sheet I'm going to pop it to a
400 degree oven for about 12 minutes so
these looks perfect they're nice and
golden I'm just going to let them cool
before assembling my short cakes
so my biscuits are nice and cool I'm
going to put a layer of biscuit on the
bottom sometimes you can actually if
your biscuits are tall enough you can
cut them in half today mine are not that
tall so I'm going to use two biscuits
and I bought a biscuit on the bottom and
then I'm going to put a little bit of
Greek yogurt with honey on top you can
also use whipped cream which would be
super yummy and then some strawberries
I'm going to do a second layer now this
is actually a
cute dessert you can actually do it for
Mother's Day if you mean it ahead and
your kids and your husband can help
assemble it my husband is not be
sheltered in the kitchen my kids are a
little younger to cook for me but this
way they're going to feel really
involved my last one on there so this is
such a pretty dessert and it just
screams summer and I promise you guys
will love it so hope you guys enjoy the
sharking as much as we do let me know in
the comments below what your favorite
summertime dessert it and I will see you
guys next week bye guys
mommy this is soda I'm gonna make this
blue for Mother's Day
oh thanks guys
you